okay. One of the things that I believe was a big weakness of mine. Waas
being organized. I have a way that I like to do things. And, uh, sometimes
I feel like I'm all over the place And one of the things that
I've learned, especially being in this leadership position and sitting
in this seat as the s e l. One of the things that I've learned
is that in order for you to be successful, you have to be organized.
And the way I've learned to do that is to write down everything. Um,
five years ago, I learned about journaling, and I started to journal
and the journal Lean carried over into all aspects of my life, and
it actually helped me to organize my thoughts and, um, toe organize
how I want to present things. Um, when I'm dealing with my commanding
officer, when I'm dealing with my sailors or even when I'm dealing
with my family. So that is one of the things that I feel that I
was may have been weak at and my organizational skills. Okay,